A boy on the cusp of manhood can't spend the whole day whackering. – Steven
'Sleep is a curse, and yet a curse I need to live.' – Steven Universe – Steven Universe
All comedy is derived from fear. – Garnet
Things could be worse! We could be in... Ocean Town! – Mayor Dewey
No prob, Bob. – Steven
How could you do this to me? The great and lovable Peridot! – Peridot
I AM AN ETERNAL FLAME, BABY! – Ruby
Burn! Burn people! – Steven
Pearl, thank you so much... FOR FIXING MY VAN! – Greg
You always say you'll be the crocodile, but you never commit! – Pearl
Stop... coming... here... you... STUPID... BALLS! – Pearl
Amethyst, no more roughhousing, you'll exacerbate your crack! – Pearl
My mind is the Internet, I know every continuity mistake ever made on television. – Steven
We'll never escape! This is our new home! – Pearl
Nice mass. – Amethyst
I may be losin' my hair, but the magic's still there. – Greg
THAT'S YOUR BUTT! – Peridot
I'm done being everyone's prisoner! Now you're MY prisoner! And I'm never letting you go! – Lapis Lazuli
Get open, get honest, invent yourselves together. That's fusion. – Garnet
Son, there will come a time in your life when you'll learn to accept all pizza. – Greg
Who wants to watch a cartoon about people crying? – Amethyst
There's gonna be free... glowsticks? – Sour Cream
I like to watch you sleep sometimes. And by sometimes I mean often. – Pearl
NOOOO!!! MI TORTAAA!!! – Amethyst
Welcome to Earth. – Garnet
I only wanted to see you laughing in the pizza rain. – Buck Dewey
Tiny hands. My only weakness. – Garnet
But yes, occasionally, I am known... to smash. – Sardonyx
Barb! I knew you delivered mail but I didn't know you delivered Sadie! – Steven
Is that a weapon? – Peridot
Every time you love being yourself, that's me, loving you, and loving being you. – Rose Quartz
Go to Earth, they said! It'll be easy, they said! – Peridot
Kid, you're killin' me! – Mr. Queasy
I'm Lapis Lazuli, and you can't keep me trapped here anymore! – Lapis Lazuli
Steven, why are you such a buttface? – Garnet
This seahorse used to make me so happy. Now it's just giving me whiplash. – Peedee
Everything I ever did, I did for her. Now she's gone... but I'm still here. – Pearl
I blame the cows. – Garnet
I love you, Tiger Millionaire. – Lars
You people have too much money! – Li'l Butler
Why do I never ask follow-up questions?! – Steven
Come on, aren't you your own mom? You can do whatever you want. – Buck Dewey
Love at first sight doesn't exist. Love takes time, and love takes work. – Garnet
If every porkchop were perfect, we wouldn't have hotdogs! – Greg
Mama. Mamama mamamamama mama. – Onion
To be human is to be flawed. A real hero must struggle. – Jamie
Fusion is just a cheap tactic to make weak gems stronger. – Jasper
Oh no, they are dead. Don't call again. – Garnet
I want to, Steven. I want to be a part of your universe. – Connie
He's not going to like that it's square. – Sapphire
What am I going to tell my parents? What am I going to tell my optometrist?! – Connie
STEVEN'S REVERTED INTO A ZYGOTE! – Connie
I drink coffee for breakfast! – Garnet
I bet I could whoop all your butts. – Nanefua
Yeah! Let's mash it up! Bigger, badder, better! Ahahahaha! – Amethyst
I never asked for it to be this way! I never asked to be made! – Amethyst
Nice van. Really living the high life. – Vidalia
DIE, DIE, DIE, DIE, DIE, DIE, DIE, DIE! – ~~Reaper~~ Peridot
I'm still learning. I hope you understand. I want to understand. I'm sorry. – Peridot
That's two kids! I'm out. – Kevin
I'm off to see a man about a tunnel brush. An internet man. If I'm not back in an hour... call the police! – Greg
No more questions. Don't ever question this. You already are the answer. – Rose Quartz
DO YOU WISH TO ENGAGE IN COMBAT? – Holo-Pearl
It's not lying when you're the mayor. It's politics. – Mayor Dewey
If I'm going to be bored out of my mind and possibly die, I'm gonna go to work and get paid for it. – Lars